Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solved-tobbaco-taxation-and-regulation
<br>
How should tobacco be taxed or regulated? A. Topic RESEARCH PAPER GUIDELINES (Extra Credit-10 points) For your research paper you may examine any domestic or international microeconomic issue. I encourage you to come up with your own topic. If you have difficulty coming up with a paper topic, you may select it from the list of topics. Try to select a topic that genuinely interests you because you don’t want to be bored writing the paper. B. General Outline Your completed paper should have the following items and sections: Title Author (you) I. Introduction/Significance of the Problem (around 0.5-1 page) This section should explain the significance of the issue you are studying. Why should we (or the government of X) care? II. Analysis (3-4 pages) In this section, you should analyze the issue you are interested in using the tools (models) and concepts learned in ECO 202. Did anyone else study this or similar issue before? What are their main findings? How do your analysis/findings differ from or coincide with the findings of others? Be sure to use data or some other evidence to support your arguments. If you are studying some policy issue, what policy recommendations would you make and why? Make sure that your recommendations and findings are consistent with your evidence. III. Conclusion (0.5-1 page) Summarize your findings. You need to convince the reader that you addressed the issue you wanted to study and that you have important findings/recommendations. Make sure that your conclusions are consistent with your analysis. IV. References Cite your sources in alphabetical order. Use at least five sources. Do not forget to cite the sources for your data. D. Other Suggestions: Please feel free to ask questions about any part of your project. If in doubt, use common sense. Do not plagiarize. You can obtain most US data from the following websites: – the Federal Reserve (research.stlouisfed.org/fred2/) – the Bureau of Economic Analysis (www.bea.gov)